Services [7087] (#42)
eProsima/Micro-XRCE-DDS-docs: docs/entities.rst

DataReader
    This is the endpoint able to read Topic data.

Requester
    This is the endpoint able to write Request data and to read Reply data.

Replier

>     This is the entpoint able to read Request data and to write Request data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is the endpoint able to read Request data and to write Reply data.
```
